Feat (Insomnia): Create MCP clients (#3119)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/insomnia/create-mcp-client.md

      If no OAuth metadata is provided, you can connect manually using a **Personal Access Token (PAT)** or a registered OAuth application.
  - q: How do I refresh operations from the server?
    a: |
      - From **MCP Servers**, in the left pane, click **Resync**.  
      
      Insomnia refreshes all tools, prompts, and resources from the connected MCP Server.  
---
Use Insomnia to connect external **Model Context Protocol (MCP)** Servers to access AI-ready tools, prompts, and resource. An **MCP Client** defines this connection and stores authentication and configuration details.

## Overview

An MCP Server is an HTTP JSON-RPC endpoint that advertises callable **Tools**, available **Prompts**, and structured **Resources**. The MCP Client in Insomnia discovers these elements, which allows you to test, query, or invoke them directly within the app. Each workspace can contain multiple MCP Clients.

## Create the MCP client
To create a new MCP Client, complete the following:
1. From your Insomnia project, click **Create**.
2. In the **Name** box, type a name for the MCP Client.
3. Click **Create** 
4. To connect your MCP client to an MCP server, click **Connect**.

> 5. In the left pane, confirm that discovered Tools, Prompts, and Resources appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From your Insomnia project, click **Create**.
1. In the **Name** box, type a name for the MCP Client.
1. Click **Create** 
1. To connect your MCP client to an MCP server, click **Connect**.
1. In the left pane, confirm that discovered Tools, Prompts, and Resources appear.
```

## Explore the interface
- In the **Right pane**, view discovered tools, resources, and prompts from the discovered MPC server. If the MPC server publishes a new version.
- In the **Middle pane**, review parameters and request fields. To send JSON requests, click **Send**.
- To see output and logs, click **Console** tab.   

> ## Authentication flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Authentication
```
